vault_sshd_port: 22
vault_sshd_allow_users: user1 user2
vault_ansible_ssh_user: user
vault_ansible_become_pass: change_me

# mariadb
vault_mariadb_root_password: change_me

# mailsystem_db
vault_mail_prod_db_user_r_password: change_me
vault_mail_test_db_user_r_password: change_me
vault_mail_dev_db_user_r_password: change_me
vault_mail_prod_db_user_rw_password: change_me
vault_mail_test_db_user_rw_password: change_me
vault_mail_dev_db_user_rw_password: change_me

# redis
vault_redis_requirepass: change_me

# ddmail_webapp
vault_ddmail_webapp_runas_user: user
vault_ddmail_webapp_venv_user_owner: user
vault_ddmail_webapp_venv_group_owner: user
vault_ddmail_webapp_prod_wtf_csrf_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_prod_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_test_wtf_csrf_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_test_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_dev_wtf_csrf_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_dev_secret_key: change_me

# ddmail_email_remover
vault_ddmail_email_remover_runas_user: user
vault_ddmail_email_remover_venv_user_owner: user
vault_ddmail_email_remover_venv_group_owner: user
vault_ddmail_email_remover_prod_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_email_remover_prod_password: change_me
vault_ddmail_email_remover_prod_password_hash: change_me
vault_ddmail_email_remover_test_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_email_remover_test_password: change_me
vault_ddmail_email_remover_test_password_hash: change_me
vault_ddmail_email_remover_dev_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_email_remover_dev_password: change_me
vault_ddmail_email_remover_dev_password_hash: change_me

# ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_runas_user: user
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_venv_user_owner: user
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_venv_group_owner: user
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_prod_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_prod_password: change_me
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_prod_password_hash: change_me
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_test_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_test_password: change_me
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_test_password_hash: change_me
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_dev_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_dev_password: change_me
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_dev_password_hash: change_me

# github
vault_github_ssh_pubkey: change_me
vault_github_ssh_privkey: "-----BEGIN OPENSSH PRIVATE KEY-----\n[ssh privkey data\n more ssh privkey data]\n-----END OPENSSH PRIVATE KEY-----"
vault_git_global_user_name: user
vault_git_global_user_email: user
