vault_sshd_port: 22
vault_sshd_allow_users: user1 user2
vault_srv01_ansible_ssh_user: user
vault_srv01_ansible_become_pass: change_me
vault_ddmaildev_ansible_ssh_user: user
vault_ddmaildev_ansible_become_pass: change_me

# mariadb
vault_mariadb_root_password: change_me

# certbot
vault_certbot_reg_email: change.to@your.own.email.com

# mailsystem_db
vault_mail_prod_db_user_r_password: change_me
vault_mail_test_db_user_r_password: change_me
vault_mail_dev_db_user_r_password: change_me
vault_mail_prod_db_user_rw_password: change_me
vault_mail_test_db_user_rw_password: change_me
vault_mail_dev_db_user_rw_password: change_me

# redis
vault_redis_requirepass: change_me

# ddmail_webapp
vault_ddmail_webapp_venv_user_owner: root
vault_ddmail_webapp_venv_group_owner: root
vault_ddmail_webapp_prod_wtf_csrf_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_prod_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_prod_payment_mail_name: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_prod_payment_mail_address: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_prod_payment_mail_postcode: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_prod_payment_mail_country: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_test_wtf_csrf_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_test_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_test_payment_mail_name: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_test_payment_mail_address: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_test_payment_mail_postcode: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_test_payment_mail_country: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_dev_wtf_csrf_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_dev_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_dev_payment_mail_name: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_dev_payment_mail_address: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_dev_payment_mail_postcode: change_me
vault_ddmail_webapp_dev_payment_mail_country: change_me

# ddmail_wemail_remover
vault_ddmail_email_remover_venv_user_owner: root
vault_ddmail_email_remover_venv_group_owner: root
vault_ddmail_email_remover_prod_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_email_remover_prod_password: change_me
vault_ddmail_email_remover_prod_password_hash: change_me
vault_ddmail_email_remover_test_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_email_remover_test_password: change_me
vault_ddmail_email_remover_test_password_hash: change_me
vault_ddmail_email_remover_dev_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_email_remover_dev_password: change_me
vault_ddmail_email_remover_dev_password_hash: change_me

# ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_venv_user_owner: root
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_venv_group_owner: root
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_prod_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_prod_password: change_me
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_prod_password_hash: change_me
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_test_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_test_password: change_me
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_test_password_hash: change_me
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_dev_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_dev_password: change_me
vault_ddmail_dmcp_keyhandler_dev_password_hash: change_me

# ddmail_backup_taker
vault_ddmail_backup_taker_pubkey_fingerprint: change_me
vault_ddmail_backup_taker_pubkey:"-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----\n[gpg pubkey data\n more gpg pubkey data]\n-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----\n"

# ddmail_backup_receiver
vault_ddmail_backup_receiver_prod_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_backup_receiver_test_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_backup_receiver_dev_secret_key: change_me
vault_ddmail_backup_receiver_prod_password: change_me
vault_ddmail_backup_receiver_test_password: change_me
vault_ddmail_backup_receiver_dev_password: change_me
vault_ddmail_backup_receiver_prod_password_hash: change_me
vault_ddmail_backup_receiver_test_password_hash: change_me
vault_ddmail_backup_receiver_dev_password_hash: change_me

# olefy
olefy_runas_user: olefy
